---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "leaseweb_dedicated_server Resource - leaseweb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# leaseweb_dedicated_server (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `asset_id` (String) The Asset Id of the server.
- `contract_id` (String) The unique identifier of the contract.
- `cpu_quantity` (Number) The quantity of the cpu.
- `cpu_type` (String) The type of the cpu.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the server.
- `internal_gateway` (String) Internal gateway.
- `internal_ip` (String) Internal ip address.
- `internal_mac` (String) Internal mac address.
- `is_automation_feature_available` (Boolean) To check if automation feature is available for the server.
- `is_ipmi_reboot_feature_available` (Boolean) To check if ipmi_reboot feature is available for the server.
- `is_power_cycle_feature_available` (Boolean) To check if power_cycle feature is available for the server.
- `is_private_network_feature_available` (Boolean) To check if private network feature is available for the server.
- `is_remote_management_feature_available` (Boolean) To check if remote management feature is available for the server.
- `location_rack` (String)
- `location_site` (String) The site of the location.
- `location_suite` (String) The suite of the location.
- `location_unit` (String) The unit of the location.
- `public_gateway` (String) Public gateway.
- `public_ip` (String) Public ip address.
- `public_mac` (String) Public mac address.
- `rack_capacity` (String) The capacity of the rack.
- `rack_id` (String) The Id of the rack.
- `rack_type` (String) The type of the rack.
- `ram_size` (Number) The size of the ram.
- `ram_unit` (String) The unit of the ram.
- `remote_gateway` (String) Remote gateway.
- `remote_ip` (String) Remote ip address.
- `remote_mac` (String) Remote mac address.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number of server.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Dedicated server can be imported by specifying the identifier.
terraform import leaseweb_dedicated_server.example 12345
```
