---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "leaseweb_dedicated_server_installation Resource - leaseweb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Note:
  Once created, this resource cannot be read.Once created, this resource cannot be updated.Once created, this resource cannot be deleted.
---

# leaseweb_dedicated_server_installation (Resource)

**Note:**
- Once created, this resource cannot be read.
- Once created, this resource cannot be updated.
- Once created, this resource cannot be deleted.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example install operating system on dedicated server
resource "leaseweb_dedicated_server_installation" "example" {
  dedicated_server_id = "12345"
  operating_system_id = "UBUNTU_22_04_64BIT"
}

# Example install operating system on dedicated server with post_install_script
resource "leaseweb_dedicated_server_installation" "example" {
  dedicated_server_id = "12345"
  operating_system_id = "UBUNTU_22_04_64BIT"
  post_install_script = <<-EOS
      #!/bin/sh
      apt install nginx -y -qq
  EOS
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dedicated_server_id` (String) The ID of a server
- `operating_system_id` (String) Operating system identifier

### Optional

- `callback_url` (String) Url which will receive callbacks when the installation is finished or failed
- `control_panel_id` (String) Control panel identifier
- `device` (String) Block devices in a disk set in which the partitions will be installed. Supported values are any disk set id, `SATA_SAS` or `NVME`.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname to be used in your installation
- `partitions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--partitions))
- `password` (String) Server root password. If not provided, it would be automatically generated
- `post_install_script` (String) A valid bash script to run right after the installation.
- `power_cycle` (Boolean) If true, allows system reboots to happen automatically within the process. Otherwise, you should do them manually
- `raid` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--raid))
- `ssh_keys` (Set of String) List of public sshKeys to be setup in your installation
- `timezone` (String) Timezone represented as Geographical_Area/City

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier of the installation job

<a id="nestedatt--partitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `partitions`

Optional:

- `filesystem` (String) File system in which partition would be mounted
- `mountpoint` (String) The partition mount point (eg /home). Mandatory for the root partition (/) and not intended to be used in swap partition
- `size` (String) Size of the partition (Normally in MB, but this is OS-specific)


<a id="nestedatt--raid"></a>
### Nested Schema for `raid`

Optional:

- `level` (Number) RAID level to apply to your installation, this value is only required if you specify a type HW or SW. Valid options are 
  - *0*
  - *1*
  - *5*
  - *10*
- `number_of_disks` (Number) The number of disks you want to apply RAID on. If not specified all disks are used
- `type` (String) RAID type to apply to your installation. NONE is the equivalent of pass-through mode on HW RAID equipped servers. Valid options are 
  - *HW*
  - *SW*
  - *NONE*
