---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "leaseweb_public_cloud_instance Resource - leaseweb"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# leaseweb_public_cloud_instance (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage example Public Cloud Instance
resource "leaseweb_public_cloud_instance" "example" {
  contract = {
    billing_frequency = 1
    term              = 0
    type              = "HOURLY"
  }
  image = {
    id = "UBUNTU_22_04_64BIT"
  }
  reference              = "my webserver"
  region                 = "eu-west-3"
  root_disk_storage_type = "CENTRAL"
  type                   = "lsw.m3.large"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `contract` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--contract))
- `image` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--image))
- `region` (String) Our current regions can be found in the [developer documentation](https://developer.leaseweb.com/api-docs/publiccloud_v1.html#tag/Instances/operation/launchInstance)**WARNING!** Changing this value once running will cause this instance to be destroyed and a new one to be created.
- `root_disk_storage_type` (String) The root disk's storage type. Can be *LOCAL* or *CENTRAL*. **WARNING!** Changing this value once running will cause this instance to be destroyed and a new one to be created.
- `type` (String)

### Optional

- `market_app_id` (String) Market App ID that must be installed into the instance.**WARNING!** Changing this value once running will cause this instance to be destroyed and a new one to be created.
- `reference` (String) The identifying name set to the instance
- `root_disk_size` (Number) The root disk's size in GB. Must be at least 5 GB for Linux and FreeBSD instances and 50 GB for Windows instances. The maximum size is 1000 GB

### Read-Only

- `auto_scaling_group` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auto_scaling_group))
- `has_private_network` (Boolean)
- `has_public_ipv4` (Boolean)
- `has_user_data` (Boolean)
- `id` (String) The instance unique identifier
- `ips` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ips))
- `iso` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--iso))
- `private_network` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_network))
- `product_type` (String) The product type
- `resources` (Attributes) Available resources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources))
- `started_at` (String) Date and time when the instance was started for the first time, right after launching it
- `state` (String) The instance's current state

<a id="nestedatt--contract"></a>
### Nested Schema for `contract`

Required:

- `billing_frequency` (Number) The billing frequency (in months). Valid options are 
  - *0*
  - *1*
  - *3*
  - *6*
  - *12*
- `term` (Number) Contract term (in months). Used only when type is *MONTHLY*. Valid options are 
  - *0*
  - *1*
  - *3*
  - *6*
  - *12*
- `type` (String) Select *HOURLY* for billing based on hourly usage, else *MONTHLY* for billing per month usage

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Date when the contract was created
- `ends_at` (String)
- `renewals_at` (String) Date when the contract will be automatically renewed
- `state` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `image`

Required:

- `id` (String) Can be either an Operating System or a UUID in case of a Custom Image ID.**WARNING!** Changing this value once running will cause this instance to be destroyed and a new one to be created.

Read-Only:

- `custom` (Boolean) Standard or Custom image
- `family` (String)
- `flavour` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--auto_scaling_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auto_scaling_group`

Read-Only:

- `cooldown_time` (Number) Only for "CPU_BASED" auto scaling group. Cool-down time in seconds for new instances
- `cpu_threshold` (Number) Only for "CPU_BASED" auto scaling group. The target average CPU utilization for scaling
- `created_at` (String) Date and time when the Auto Scaling Group was created
- `desired_amount` (Number) Number of instances that should be running
- `ends_at` (String) Only for "SCHEDULED" auto scaling group. Date and time (UTC) that the instances need to be terminated
- `id` (String) The Auto Scaling Group unique identifier
- `maximum_amount` (Number) Only for "CPU_BASED" auto scaling group. The maximum number of instances that can be running
- `minimum_amount` (Number) The minimum number of instances that should be running
- `reference` (String) The identifying name set to the auto scaling group
- `region` (String)
- `starts_at` (String) Only for "SCHEDULED" auto scaling group. Date and time (UTC) that the instances need to be launched
- `state` (String) The Auto Scaling Group's current state.
- `type` (String) Auto Scaling Group type
- `updated_at` (String) Date and time when the Auto Scaling Group was updated
- `warmup_time` (Number) Only for "CPU_BASED" auto scaling group. Warm-up time in seconds for new instances


<a id="nestedatt--ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ips`

Read-Only:

- `ddos` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ips--ddos))
- `ip` (String)
- `main_ip` (Boolean)
- `network_type` (String)
- `null_routed` (Boolean)
- `prefix_length` (String)
- `reverse_lookup` (String)
- `version` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--ips--ddos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ips.ddos`

Read-Only:

- `detection_profile` (String)
- `protection_type` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--iso"></a>
### Nested Schema for `iso`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--private_network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_network`

Read-Only:

- `private_network_id` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `subnet` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--resources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Attributes) Number of cores (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--cpu))
- `memory` (Attributes) Total memory in GiB (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--memory))
- `private_network_speed` (Attributes) Private network speed in Gbps (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--private_network_speed))
- `public_network_speed` (Attributes) Public network speed in Gbps (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--resources--public_network_speed))

<a id="nestedatt--resources--cpu"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.cpu`

Read-Only:

- `unit` (String)
- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--resources--memory"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.memory`

Read-Only:

- `unit` (String)
- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--resources--private_network_speed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.private_network_speed`

Read-Only:

- `unit` (String)
- `value` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--resources--public_network_speed"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resources.public_network_speed`

Read-Only:

- `unit` (String)
- `value` (Number)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Public Cloud Instance can be imported by specifying the identifier.
terraform import leaseweb_public_cloud_instance.example ace712e9-a166-47f1-9065-4af0f7e7fce1
```
